[Never-Ending Summer]
[Episode 15]
[Open]
I only had one thought
In my mind at that time.
It'd be great if I could
Have a bicycle.
Then I could get home faster.
Which one do you like?
The bicycle.
[Congratulations to the player on the 16,888 accumulated tickets!]
[By breaking the historical record in this arcade,]
[you could get the grand prize, a branded bicycle.]
[Heartbeat Player]
I'm going to work.
Remember to eat when you wake up.
Wan.
Qi, what happened?
There weren't many people
After midnight.
But Xixiao
Played here all night
Until past 4 AM.
He even redeemed our shop's grand prize,
Namely that bicycle.
[Congratulations to the player on the 16,888 accumulated tickets!]
I already fell asleep on the desk.
[By breaking the historical record in this arcade,]
When he left,
[you could get the grand prize, a branded bicycle.]
He woke me up again to redeem the prize.
The machines were all out of tickets.
[Heartbeat Player]
♪ Are you out there waiting for me ♪
♪ Through the dark, bravely, steadily ♪
♪ If I could run and land with you ♪
♪ After the long night ♪
♪ I'll find my way, no more lost inside ♪
♪ Thinking about ♪
[Zhou Wan, Move forward to your new life and be happy. Xixiao]
♪ Fulfilling the last promise ♪
♪ We've both held fragility ♪
♪ Talked through our misery ♪
♪ This time I'm holding tight to your will ♪
♪ Lighting up all the sparks ♪
♪ Hoping it doesn't slip away ♪
♪ In this boring universe ♪
♪ Drifting day by day ♪
♪ Until the day I choose to break away for you ♪
♪ And that's enough to do ♪
♪ Falling into your tenderness ♪
♪ Slowly being saved ♪
Hello?
Did I wake you up?
I heard you played
The games all night.
What's wrong?
Thank you for your gift.
I really like it.
So you saw it?
I thought you'd have to wait until tonight
To see it.
It was too late yesterday,
And the places selling bikes
Were all closed.
I had no choice but to win that one from the arcade.
[I'm going to work. Remember to eat when you wake up. Wan]
Why did you leave me a note
After I left you one?
This time,
♪ The narcissus rides a carp, drifting away in sadness ♪
You don't think it's the magic
That can make wishes come true?
♪ Deep green lurks beneath the sea, stirring the nebula ♪
I'm not stupid.
How old do you think I am?
During the daytime,
Why didn't you just give it to me?
♪ On countless nights, we move forward ♪
Carrying it up to the 3rd floor by yourself,
Didn't you feel tired?
No, I didn't.
♪ Seeking, waking up and collecting ♪
It's a gift for your new life.
♪ Crazy love ♪
Of course I had to put it
At the door of your house today.
♪ Say yes, let's start fresh ♪
From now on, every step
Will be taken smoothly.
♪ Someone lights the fire ♪
♪ The love burns each other ♪
Zhou Wan.
♪ My organs ♪
There is no magic in this world
That can make wishes come true.
♪ Every midnight ♪
♪ I'll play the instrument for you ♪
But I am here.
Hello?
So,
When I want to ride it,
You have to help me carry it down to the 1st floor.
♪ One, two, three, four, five ♪
♪ Let's dance ♪
Okay.
I'll carry you down to the 1st floor, too.
♪ Follow your steps ♪
Pinky promise.
♪ One, two, three, four, five ♪
♪ Close my eyes and count ♪
Pinky promise.
♪ One, two, three, four, five ♪
♪ Open your eyes and see me ♪
Then I won't disturb you while you're napping.
♪ One, two, three, four, five ♪
♪ Let's dance ♪
♪ Follow your steps ♪
♪ One, two, three, four, five ♪
♪ Close my eyes and count ♪
♪ Open your eyes and see me ♪
[I'm going to work. Remember to eat when you wake up. Wan]
[Billiards Entertainment]
What are you doing?
S-Standing at attention, huh?
Mr... Mr. Fang?
[VIP Room]
I heard
You had made a lot of money these past two years.
3,000 yuan a month.
[With Deepest Sympathy]
I've given it all to Luo He.
How much?
9,000 yuan.
Mr. Fang.
F-Fang.
[Billiards Club]
Fang! Fang! Fang!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Mr. Fang, I won't do it again.
Mr. Fang.
Fang.
Fang, I won't do it again.
I won't do it again.
Fang.
You really won't do it again?
I really won't.
Fang.
I just did it
For our livelihood.
Mr. Fang.
Mr. Fang! Mr. Fang! Mr. Fang!
Remember.
Hand over the money you've taken.
Okay, okay, okay.
Fang, I won't do it again!
[Billiards Club]
Fang! Fang! Fang! Fang, I won't do it!
You're still awake?
I just took a shower.
Now I'm going to sleep.
I can't sleep.
I want to hear you talk.
You're just afraid I can't sleep, right?
Lu Xixiao.
What are you doing?
I'm drawing.
What are you drawing?
I haven't decided yet.
This summer seems so long.
I want winter to come sooner.
When winter comes,
What would you like to do?
I want to see snow.
You like snow, huh?
I think it's very clean.
Lu Xixiao.
You must have seen snow before, right?
I've never seen it, either.
Really?
[6] [Hang up]
Really.
Then at the end of the year,
Let's go see the snow together.
It's a pity that it doesn't snow in Pingchuan.
Now that I'm saying I can let you see it,
Then you can just see it.
Zhou Wan.
Zhou Wan?
You fell asleep so quickly.
[The microphone is on.] [Hang up] [The speaker is on.]
Sir.
I'd like a bowl of pork rib noodles.
Okay.
Sit here and wait a moment.
Coming.
I'm on the phone.
[Uncle Kang's Noodle Shop, Handmade Noodles]
I'm on the phone now.
Give me a special meal.
Okay. Sit here and wait a moment.
[Please get your utensils here.]
Lu Xixiao.
Hello?
You're awake.
I'm here in Uncle Kang's shop
To buy you some noodles.
I'll bring them to you later.
Are you here in my place?
[Please get your utensils here.]
Who's there?
I'm in Uncle Kang's shop.
Hello?
Who's there?
What?
-Hello? Hello? -Hey!
You haven't taken your noodles!
You're awake.
You're a snitch.
Bro, the noodles are ready.
Put them here.
Sit! Sit down!
You want to make a call?
Give the mobile phone back to me!
Go inside!
Luo He.
What exactly do you want to do?
Your grandma and I
Are old acquaintances to some extent.
Fen.
Your granddaughter made a mistake.
What should I do?
I was telling the truth.
So it was really you?
Zhou Wan.
What?
You're telling me to take away all the valuable things
And smash all the valueless ones?
Fen really knows how to get things done.
Don't you dare touch anything!
I'll call the police.
Smash them!
Do you know how to smash?
Smash the expensive ones!
Bro,
I-is this expensive?
Don't smash this!
-Come here. -Let go of me!
This one is valueless.
This one is valueless, too.
What else is valuable?
Tell me what's valuable!
Bro.
Is this valuable?
This one is quite valuable.
This one is valuable!
Zhou Wan,
Since Fen has passed away,
And I was so close to her,
I'll teach you a lesson for her today.
Is that okay?
How dare you hit my boss?
Come here.
I'd like to see who dares to touch her!
You're just in time.
Lu Xixiao,
-Let's settle both our old and new scores! -Hello, is that 110?
What? Besides the hobby of fighting,
-do you have nothing else to do? -Stop talking nonsense here!
Come here!
I'll also...
Put it down now! Put it down!
Hit him.
The police are downstairs!
Come on! Hit me!
You!
Hit me.
Come here! Hit me!
Lu Xixiao.
You! Hit me! Come on!
Hit me right here! Come on!
Officer!
-I truly did nothing illegal this time. -Take them away!
Don't move!
Take them away!
Where is your Officer Li?
Officer Li! Officer Li!
I truly did nothing illegal this time.
I'm a good citizen.
Luo?
We've met again.
You're a repeat offender.
Go! Take him away!
This guy is trying to scam me!
Officer Li!
Bro.
-Where are you going? -Zhou Wan.
Here is another one.
Zhou Wan!
Are you okay?
-I'm fine. -What happened?
You and the young man at the door
Have to go back to the police station with me
To make a statement.
Okay.
Go ahead. I'll clean up the place.
Thank you.
Which Xi?
Xi.
X-i, Xi.
And Xiao?
Xiao.
X-i-a-o, Xiao.
What's your relationship with the homeowner?
We're friends.
Are you okay?
Are you injured?
Come on.
Go back with us to make a statement.
[Chengnan Police Station]
He trespassed on a private house
And tried to pick a fight.
From compensation to sentencing,
It'll definitely be enough to make him suffer.
From now on, Luo He
Won't be able to harass you anymore.
Then don't try to be a hero anymore.
I don't want to see you
Get hurt because of me again.
Alright.
[Public Security]
Look. I'm completely
Fine now, aren't I?
Right?
Don't worry.
What's this?
[Police]
Don't worry.
Don't get into fights anymore.
Okay.
Couldn't you drive safely?
Didn't you see you almost hit someone?
Our boss, Mr. Fang, would like to see you.
Who is Mr. Fang?
I need to go see him.
Luo He has always
Been an arrogant guy.
This is a great opportunity
To teach him a lesson.
Here. Have some tea.
As for the money you gave him,
I can use part of it
As interest to pay the debt.
It can be considered
As an explanation to your grandma.
Actually, I want to talk to you
About the house.
There's 150,000 yuan in this card.
[Harmony Brings Wealth]
After deducting my grandma's hospitalization costs
And funeral expenses,
There's 120,000 yuan left.
I want to use it to redeem
The mortgaged house.
I wonder whether it's enough.
You two can have some tea first.
I'll check the accounts.
Thank you.
Your grandma's house
Was mortgaged for 500,000 yuan back then.
Excluding the money that has been returned
Over the years
And the kickbacks Luo He has taken,
You still owe me 170,000 yuan.
[Harmony Brings Wealth]
That little money of yours isn't enough.
I'll try to think of another way.
Can the house be first...
Miss,
Business is business.
Many houses have been mortgaged to me
Over the years.
If everyone
Had acted like you guys,
I wouldn't be able to run my business properly.
I know you're just a young woman,
And it's not easy for you.
I've already reduced the interest
To the minimum.
Then there's no need to think of another way.
There's 50,000 yuan in this card.
It's fine.
He came prepared.
If I refuse to
Accept this money today,
I guess he won't step out of
My room.
Just consider it as a loan from me.
[Wealth and Fortune]
I'll return the money to you.
But maybe I can't do that so soon.
Not so soon?
Just take your time to return the money.
It's okay.
Huang Xuefen.
This is your grandma's property ownership certificate.
Here is the receipt from that time.
Congratulations on paying off your debt.
You can leave now.
Let's go.
I'll write you an IOU later.
Pay me back in installments over the next 50 years.
Pay me once every 10 years.
It doesn't have to take such a long time.
Hello?
Your grandpa is in the hospital.
Come here now.
Okay.
I'll be right there.
-What's wrong? -I'm going to the hospital.
What happened?
My grandpa is hospitalized.
I need to go there.
I'll go with you.
Just have a rest at home.
You sold your car
And saved money to redeem the house for me.
Didn't you do all those things to help me?
I feel the same way as you.
Let's go.
[Inpatient Building]
Just stop here.
I think the people inside this room
Are all those who you don't want to see.
There is nothing serious with the patient.
He just needs to rest for some time.
Okay.
Thank you.
Xixiao, you're here.
[Ward No. 8]
Grandpa.
My eldest grandson is here.
Come on. Just sit down. Sit down.
My dear eldest grandson.
Well, if I had been fine,
You wouldn't come see me, right?
Now that I'm looking at you,
You're perfectly fine,
Aren't you?
Brat, you're just like when you were a kid,
Using your sweet talk to butter me up, right?
Dad.
Even if you're bickering with Xixiao,
You shouldn't scare us like this.
You'll still
Remain healthy for many more years.
Yeah.
You are the strong pillar of our family.
You're quite blessed with good luck.
The doctor has said
That there's nothing serious with you.
You're just too tired.
After receiving IV nutrition for a few days,
You can be discharged.
In my opinion,
They don't mean what they say.
Don't you think so?
They just can't wait
For my final day to come.
Zhongyue.
Dad, what are you talking about?
We're all here because we're
Worried about your health.
That's why we've all gathered at the hospital
To visit you.
It's fine if you don't commend us
For being filial.
But how could you say that we have
Ulterior motives towards you?
Dad, I am your own son.
Yeah.
Don't always think about your own interests.
Only by considering the big picture
Can you improve.
Our Lanyue Group
Has been founded by me
Through my lifelong efforts.
Although I've long wanted to retire,
My heart and hands
Just won't let go.
Now that I've fallen ill this time,
Although it's nothing serious,
I know very well
What my condition is.
You're all clear about it, too.
-Right? -We're clear about it.
So now I
Understand one thing.
Life is more important.
Yes, yes.
As for the company,
I think
From now on,
I will gradually
Hand it over to you guys.
Dad.
Just rest assured
And entrust the company to me.
I'll definitely take good care of it for you.
When you get better,
You can come out safely.
Okay?
Don't worry.
If it weren't for all the trouble in your family,
Would Dad be so worried?
-How could you... -How could you say something like that?
What do you mean by our family?
What happened to our family?
You haven't married into the Lu family yet.
Dad, aren't we going to
Have the wedding tomorrow?
-Yeah, Dad. -Come on.
Peel that fruit for Dad
So that he can eat it.
Okay.
Xixiao.
What are you thinking about
While sitting there alone?
I'm hoping you can get better soon.
My eldest grandson cares about me the most.
What are your plans for the future?
You don't know, do you?
Back then, I didn't know, either.
Your dad was gone
And left me behind.
I had no choice but to
Struggle alone to survive.
It was really so hard.
If you need anything,
-I can... -I don't need you
To worry about my life.
Who do you want to worry about it?
Lu Xixiao?
Look.
Look inside at this family.
The old man is sick.
But the people of the Lu family are quite happy.
Lu Xixiao will be sad.
Him?
Will he be sad?
He was born lucky.
He doesn't have to work hard all his life,
Unlike us,
Who are just two outsiders.
When they have things to discuss,
We can only stand outside.
Isn't this what you chose?
Yes.
I chose it myself.
Do you think I'm not tired?
But I'm really terrified of being poor.
I'd rather be a subservient
Pushover.
Yet I still want to do my best
To become a member of the Lu family.
Wan.
But you are different.
You are still young
And smart.
Now that your grandma is gone,
You don't have to be afraid of anything anymore.
You can choose again.
The Lu family is not suitable for you.
Lu Xixiao is the last person in the world
You should choose.
Do you know me well?
Do you know where I went to school?
Do you know who my friends are?
Do you know how much time
It took me to accept
The fact that you would never come back?
You don't even know your own daughter well.
What makes you think
You would know Lu Xixiao well?
He's not like the others of the Lu family.
He would be sad because of the illness
And pain of his family.
He also has the ability to love others,
Instead of using love as a tool.
Your moral coercion of him makes you look
Exactly like the people of the Lu family.
Your stubbornness
Is just like your father's.
You were certainly quick
To come back and be a dutiful son.
Someone has to take charge.
Don't celebrate too early.
Though Dad is delegating his power this time,
It doesn't mean I will definitely lose.
Do you know right now
What the gap is
Between the shares you have
And the ones I have?
How can you be so sure
That Xixiao's 10% shares
Will be yours?
Xixiao is my own son.
Your schemes
Won't work on him.
[Inpatient Building]
Cheers.
Is he okay?
He's fine.
The test results are out,
And they're good.
He's probably just a bit tired.
His blood pressure is a bit high.
He's not going to the wedding, either.
He thinks it's too noisy.
So from now on,
I'm going to stay here.
Maybe when I have time,
I'll come here more often to keep him company
And take care of him.
I also didn't expect
She would get what she wanted.
Actually, Lu Zhongyue also needs
This wedding very much.
It happens that my grandpa has given in, too.
My dad
Never does anything that would make him lose money.
All those social events he attends,
Including birthday parties,
Wine parties
And weddings,
Are based on the premise
Of exchanging benefits.
It's the same for this time.
The focus of his invitation isn't me,
But the 10% shares
I have.
Because as long as I go
And show up there,
At the sight of me,
People will know,
"They're still a family."
What's mine
Will still be his.
Hearing that they're getting married,
Aren't you angry?
In the past, I would be angry.
So you're not angry now?
Now there are things that I care about more.
What about you?
What do you think?
If this had happened in the past,
I would probably be quite angry.
After all, she abandoned me once.
Seeing her happy
Feels like a...
Curse.
But I'm quite calm now.
Lu Xixiao.
Let's forget what happened
In the past.
Let's forget
Both Lu Zhongyue
And Guo Xiangling.
Let's live
Our own lives well.
Now that you've said this,
You can't go back on your word.
Then I'll stay with you a bit longer.
Aren't you tired?
Go home after eating this.
Call me when you get home.
It hurts!
Why would I flick you if it didn't hurt?
I'm just not leaving.
What are you going to do if you don't leave?
I'm going to stay with you.
Eat this first.
Today, it has been
Such a tiring day for you.
I'm exhausted.
Thank you for helping me
Clean up the house today.
Luo He won't come here
To make trouble again, right?
I guess so.
So many things have been smashed.
As for those things that need to be replaced,
You can only buy the new ones tomorrow.
Then tomorrow, I'll go with you to...
I can go buy them myself tomorrow.
If you feel lonely
Eating alone,
You can come to my home.
My mom is fine with it.
Say thank you to your mom for me.
I'm not going.
Last time, at your home...
Have you...
Found out about everything?
I'm sorry, Zhou Wan.
I should have told you earlier
About my relationship with Lu Xixiao.
It's alright.
You've never pressed me into telling you
My relationship with my mom, either.
It's the same.
I just want to say
During this period of time,
Maybe I'll go to the hospital more often.
Are you injured?
I'm fine.
Lu Xixiao's grandpa is hospitalized.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have mentioned these things.
It's fine.
My feelings
For the Lu family are not that deep.
Asking him to fulfill his duties as a father
Before I came of age
Was just to prevent him
From feeling guilty
Towards me.
Only by doing that
Will I be able to decently
Prove to them
That I can achieve everything
I want to do.
I can even do it without relying on the Lu family.
I'm sorry. I've talked too much.
I'm going back first.
I think you can.
You definitely can.
Zhou Wan.
I know Lu Xixiao
Helped you a lot.
Naturally, you're supposed to
Help him now.
But as long as you need me,
I'll always be here.
Good night.